ICS28: Remove genesisHash from specification (#699)
cosmos/ibc: spec/app/ics-028-cross-chain-validation/technical_specification.md

- **Caller**
  - Either `CreateConsumerChainProposal` (see [CCV-PCF-CCPROP.1](#ccv-pcf-ccprop1)) or `BeginBlock()` (see [CCV-PCF-BBLOCK.1](#ccv-pcf-bblock1)).
- **Trigger Event**
  - A governance proposal `CreateConsumerChainProposal` `p` has passed (i.e., it got the necessary votes).
- **Precondition** 
  - `currentTimestamp() > p.spawnTime`.
- **Postcondition** 
  - `UnbondingPeriod` is retrieved from the provider Staking module.
  - A client state is created (as defined in [ICS 7](../../client/ics-007-tendermint-client)).

>   - A consensus state is created (as defined in [ICS 7](../../client/ics-007-tendermint-client)).

Reviewer: This is part of a larger discussion outside of the scope of this PR. But it seems to me that there's nothing about Interchain Security that requires Tendermint itself. It just requires Proof of Stake. Perhaps it will be worth generalizing the spec at some point

Author: I agree. We could have a spec that generalizes PoS clients, and then the Tendermint client will just be a specific PoS client.

  - The genesis state contains an initial validator set that does not match the validator set in the provider consensus state.
  - The capability for the port `ConsumerPortId` cannot be claimed.

> **Note**: CCV assumes that all the correct validators in the initial validator set of the consumer chain receive the _same_ consumer chain binary and consumer chain genesis state. 

> > Although the mechanism of disseminating the binary and the genesis state is outside the scope of this specification, a possible approach would entail the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Although the mechanism of disseminating the binary and the genesis state is outside the scope of this specification, a possible approach would entail including this information in the governance proposal on the provider chain.```

Reviewer: And then just remove the rest of the details

> - the process `P` creating a governance proposal `Prop` to spawn the new consumer chain creates the genesis state `S` of the entire consumer ABCI application without the genesis state of the consumer CCV module, i.e., without `ConsumerGenesisState`; 
> - `P` adds to the proposal `Prop` both a hash of `S` and a hash of the consumer chain binary;
> - `P` disseminates both `S` and the binary via the gossip network;
> - when handling `Prop`, the provider chain creates and store in its state the `ConsumerGenesisState` using the information that the validator set of the consumer chain matches the validator set of the provider chain;

> > - finally, each validator in the initial validator set of the consumer chain obtains the remainder of the genesis state (i.e., `ConsumerGenesisState`) by querying the provider chain.

Reviewer: Seems unnecessary to be this detailed given this is a common approach
